Pardon me?
Li Jing, he is not your biological daughter
He lied to you.
Liu Guixiang, you have been in our Su family for 30 years
Our family treats you well
Run away, you run away
You still provoke our relationship with Yi Yi
Who just did it to you?
What is Ann's heart?
I'm telling the truth.
Impossible absolutely impossible
I did Liu Jing's paternity test
He is my daughter side
Shen Yue is Liu Jing's cousin
Liu Jing's accomplice again
The two of them are a gang
The wife asked Shen Yue to do a paternity test
The result you got must be fake.
Nonsense
I'll send a photo to my wife later
The wife understands everything
If Liujin is fake
Why didn't you say it before?
Why pay